update to migration documentation (#653)
wireapp/wire-server-deploy: offline/ubuntu_18_to_ubuntu_22_migration.md

cd wire-server-deploy
```

> Now, follow the instruction from here upto step `Ensuring kubernetes is healthy` - https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy/blob/master/offline/docs_ubuntu_22.04.md#ensuring-kubernetes-is-healthy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, follow the instruction from here up to step `Ensuring kubernetes is healthy` - https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy/blob/master/offline/docs_ubuntu_22.04.md#ensuring-kubernetes-is-healthy
```
